<h2>Introduction</h2>

Main Jenkins pipeline uses git checkout stage and tag creation command. 
The purpose of using and establishing an SSH connection (instead of cloning, fetching or committing and tagging via HTTPS) is to encrypt data exchanged between the client and the server. 
SSH keys are more secure than any password or authentication token, making them almost impossible to crack. 
It is highly advised to create SSH keys on daily basis, but most importantly follow steps below to set up SSH keys authentication on Jenkins server.

<h2>How to setup</h2>
<h3>Preconditions</h3>
Your repository is fully set up as mentioned in main README file. 
It does not matter if you followed guides or commands path. 
You also need to have access to server where dockerized jenkins is running and have administrator privileges in Jenkins instance itself.

<h3>Step-by-step instruction</h3>

- On dockerized jenkins host open jenkins container shell
```
docker exec -it jenkins sh
```

- Generate a pair of ssh keys (Hit enter/return through all additional prompts)
```
ssh-keygen -t ed25519
```

- Copy content of id_ed25519 and id_ed25519.pub by running _cat_ command.
```
cat id_ed25519
cat id_ed25519.pub
```

- Go to GitHub and open repository page
- Go to repository settings and open "Deploy keys" tab and click "Add deploy key" button. Configure as follows:
```
Title: <any> or jenkins_server
Key: <content of id_ed25519.pub>
Tick "Allow write access"
```

- Next go to your Jenkins instance and open Manage Jenkins > Credentials > System > Global credentials and click "Add credentials" button. Configure as follows:
```
Kind: "SSH Username and private key"
Scope: "Global"
ID: github_id
Description: <any> or <blank>
Username: <any> or jenkins_server
```
- Tick "Private Key / Enter Directly", click "Add", paste content of id_ed25519 and click "Create"

- Go back to jenkins container shell and run:
```
git ls-remote -h -- <your repository SSH url> HEAD
```

You should be able now to run your custom pipelines or the ones generated by SetupDSLJob.